[music]
bit. And now I know there's more key
flowing. And so again, I want to say not
a lot of resistance, just a little
resistance
and a lot of listening.
Okay.
A little more resistance than we were
doing. Little more resistance. Yeah. A
little more. And not a real lot. And
just kind of easy. So just enough that
you and I both know I'm forcing you now
and it's not that pleasant and you don't
like it. And as you do that, if I listen
more without any effort and with almost
[music] no pain, it's it starts to
spiral.
>> Okay. So [music] gradually now we're
just warming up new tendons here. So I
don't want anybody uh overstretching.
There's no value in it. Uh doing it
gradually, everything gets more
flexible. Everything gets stronger. So a
little bit of resistance and a lot of
listening. Okay.
All that strength dissolves.
Okay. Don't
just start to bring it up a notch. So if
they're kind of forcing, it'll get more
obvious. And when they're
listening, it'll get more obvious. Okay,
pick up the pace just a touch. The kami
is talking and Bob said, um,
the way you treat your uk is the way you
listen to your higher self.
And so if you really can get uh please
that this
force that's pressing in your life is
the
power that's developing you into he used
the term [music] complete your bestowed
mission. That's the
Thank you.
And [music] the the tendency to want to
do anything else with it
other than
listen to it.
What if it was the voice [music] of God
or whatever you're into, the force or
something trying to tell you
um where you should look for your next
interest, whether it's job, whether it's
relationship, whe
happens not here on the wrist, but
in his center. All right. So, that's
where I'm bringing my flow now. A little
bit of resistance.
And as I'm listening, I'm still going
into his [music] center,
please. Thank you.
So, watch out for leaking [music] out
the elbow or locking up in the shoulder.
Let all that energy go into their
center. And then, if you're listening,
you'll feel where they'd like to have
dinner or which movie they want to go to
or
please
>> [music]